Some of my troubles are so familiar, I know them by their first names.
Please don't tell me to relax, it's only my tension that's holding me together.
Life is an incurable condition: the only known treatment is to try to keep the patient comfortable.
In order to keep an open mind, I am trying to avoid learning anything.
The task I've been given seems absurd: To wait here on earth until I no longer exist.
My main object in life is to see what will happen next.
Speak nothing but the truth, and you'll soon be considered dangerous.
History records no more gallant struggle than that of humanity against the truth.
It's amazing how much research has gone into making some of the worst decisions.
The future seems to be in good hands, it's the past I'm worried about.
There's nothing on my mind that couldn't be expressed by a long insane outburst of hysterical rage.
Dying is a part of living, but only a very small part.
There's so much to learn and so much of it not worth learning.
I have just discovered the truth, and can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.
If I can survive death, I can probably survive anything.
You can't stop progress, but you can help decide what is progress and what isn't.
Women can do anything men can do, but often have more sense than even to be interested.
I believe the stars can affect human lives, particularly by providing employment for thousands of astrologers.
At great expense, we have built a vast system of inter-connecting stupidities.
Things are gradually falling into place on top of me.
I have many unrecognized talents, but my faults have somehow succeeded in securing wide recognition.
Sometimes the only way you can win is to stay out of the game.
One problem I have definitely solved is the problem of not having enough to worry about.
Beware! I'm acting under the influence of human nature.
Accept me for what I am, completely unacceptable.
There ought to be a better way than government to run the world.
The entire universe will eventually disintegrate but by then I hope to be in a safer place.
My success lies in having achieved a record numbers of failures.
Watch out! It's quite possible that some of my best mistakes haven't yet been made.
I like who I am, and am puzzled to find that not everybody shares this opinion.
If I do enough different things in enough different ways, I may, eventually, do something right.
Some people can find all the peace of mind they need in a good, satisfying conflict.
Even when I'm happy and successful, life still goes on.
It's good to have some certainty in life, even if it's only that I'm in deep trouble.
Fortunately in my work there's always a choice: I can choose to do it willingly or unwillingly.
Time will end all my troubles, but I don't always approve of Time's methods.
It's well-known that men and women are different but it keeps being re-discovered with great excitement.
I will stop at nothing to reach my objective, but only because my brakes are defective.
As long as I have you there is just one other thing I'll always need - tremendous self control.
I could do without many things with no hardship-you are not one of them.
If you can't go around it, over it, or through it, you had better negotiate with it.
Keep some souvenirs of your past, or how will you ever prove it wasn't all a dream?
A good friend is worth pursuing... but why would a good friend be running away?
Is it you and I who are crazy, or is it everybody else?
We've been through so much together, and most of it was your fault.
I want to reach your mind - where is it currently located?
We owe it to our past futile sacrifices to continue making further futile sacrifices.
Beware! Freedom of speech also includes the freedom to be misunderstood.
The price of freedom keeps going up, but the quality keeps deteriorating.
No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
It's hopeless! Tomorrow there'll be even more books I should have read than there are today.
Please don't ask me what the score is. I'm not even sure what the game is.
My object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
The true artists is one who insists on producing a supply, whether or not there's any demand.
It's good to know that if I behave strangely enough, society will take full responsibility for me.
Should I abide by the rules until they're changed, or help speed the change by breaking them?
Sometimes the best way to be useful is to get out of somebody's way.
It's easier to learn many other things, if you first learn how to learn.
Just when I nearly had the answer, I forgot the question.
Aren't I lucky, to have survived so much bad luck.
Life is the only game in which the object of the game is to learn the rules.
What we really need is to realize how little we really need.
Every time I do it at least proves I can still do it.
It's hard to face tomorrow, but it's easier than facing no tomorrow.
I recently had my problems on the run, but now they've re-grouped, and are making another attack.
Why aren't you more grateful when I prove how wrong you've been?
I am eagerly awaiting my next disappointment.
Better start rushing before the rush begins!
History may never have all the facts, but history always has the last word.
Some changes are so slow, you don't notice them, others are so fast, they don't notice you.
Why is my autograph so little in demand, except on checks?
I've learned to accept birth and death . . . but sometimes I still worry about what lies between.
Cheer up! The worst effects of what we're doing won't be felt until after we're all dead
How can I fail when I have no purpose?
What I need is a lawyer who specializes in the law of the jungle.
If you must keep groaning, please try to do it in a rhythm I can dance to.
Why does it so often take a genius to see the obvious?
I can no longer face life, so I've decided to go through the rest of it backwards.
There are some things children cannot know, because once they learn them they are no longer children.
I try to take life as it comes, and just hope it keeps coming.
Unfortunately, it's possible to be able to do something extremely well that nobody ever wants done.
It would be easier for me to reject all established values, if I knew what they were.
The funniest thing about some people is that they have no sense of humor.
Being dead is one way to experience nothing, another is to attend some classes at my school.
I march to a different drummer, whose location, identity, and musical training haven't yet been established.
Cling to your insecurity, in this world, it's the only thing you can be sure of.
Even a meaningless life may contain many good breakfasts.
Isn't it a coincidence that you and I are both alive at the same time?
My life shows a clear pattern of total unpredictability.
All I want is a little more than I'll ever get.
If you dont do it, youll never know what would have happened if you had done it
By accepting you as you are, I do not necessarily abandon all hope of your improving
The trouble is that sex is a force of nature, and reason is not.
Why is the place where I want to be so often so far from where I am?
The older you get, the more important it is to not act your age.
If you have something to say and say nothing, you are really telling a lie.
Look how often the unexpected happens - yet we still never expect it.
One possible reason that I don't believe in fate is that I wasn't fated to.
If you think communication is all talking, you haven't been listening.
My biggest problem is what to do about all the things I cant do anything about.
Our meetings are held to discuss many problems which would never arise if we held fewer meetings.
All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
I don't understand you. You don't understand me. What else do we have in common?
Strange as it may seem, my life is based on a true story
I can do only one thing at a time, but I can avoid doing many things simultaneously.
There is one pain, I often feel, which you will never know. It's caused by the absence of you.
Life may have no meaning. Or even worse, it may have a meaning of which I disapprove.
If you don't believe in ghosts, you've never been to a family reunion.
I waited and waited, and when no message came, I knew it must have been from you.
Strangely enough, this is the past that somebody in the future is longing to go back to.
Inform all the troops that communications have completely broken down.
The most exciting place to discover talent is in yourself.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you have someone in mind to blame.
How can there ever possibly be a conflict between my private interests and the public good?
Tell me again how much you agree with me.
MAN THE BATTLE STATIONS! Someone's coming who wants to reason with us.
If you keep groaning, please do it to a rythmn I can dance to.
I didn't say it was your fault. I said I was going to blame it on you.
To always hit the target, throw a dart, then call whatever you hit the target.
Not everything I dislike should be destroyed, some of it should simply be moved farther away.
My life has been greatly influenced by many books which I have never read.
I hope I never become so used to the world that it no longer seems wonderful.
It can take a surprisingly long time to get from one part of my mind to another.
I have nothing definite to apologize for; I'm just sorry about everything in general.
If I had more skill in what I'm attempting, I wouldn't need so much courage
There's only one thing more beautiful than a beautiful dream, and that's a beautiful reality.
If you want to put yourself on the map, publish your own map.
Success for some people, depends on becoming well-known, for others it depends on never being found out.
Not only don't I know what tomorrow will bring, I'm still not entirely certain what yesterday brought?
What could possibly be more fantastic than reality?
One good thing about my computer: it never asks why.
The really great people are the ones who know how to make the little people feel great.
I am irrevocably committed to being permanently indecisive.
When you plan a journey from your mind into mine, remember to allow for the time difference.
My worst personal problem is that my computer doesn't understand me.
Sooner or later, I'll be punctual.
All people are different. That's why everybody should be treated the same.
The surest way to remain a winner is to win once, and then not play any more.
In a democracy, every little wrong idea may grow up to become national policy.
To be sure of winning, invent your own game, and never tell any other player the rules.
My life so far has been a long series of things I wasn't ready for.
I never miss reality when I'm not in it, but it's sometimes nice to come back to.
I'm just moving clouds today, tomorrow I'll try mountains.
If you never try anything new, you'll miss many of the world's great disappointments.
Doing it wrong fast is at least better than doing it wrong slowly.
Don't wait for a disaster to get to know your neighbors.
Love is a strange commodity, because you can't import it if you don't also export it.
The truly successful teacher is the one you will never need again.
I too am a member of the human race, (but admittedly not a very active member).
Life can be very deep, but I'm trying to stay at the shallow end.
You have a right to enjoy life, but only on your own time.
Instead of past, present and future, I'd prefer chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry.
More books have resulted from somebody's need to write than from anybody's need to read.
The majority is never right, unless it includes me.
I have no prejudices: all my irrational hatreds are based on solid evidence.
Life is a process of losing our illusions, until we finally lose the illusion that we're alive.
Don't let yourself suffer needlessly, find a need to suffer.
Vote wisely, even if that means not voting at all.
Hold on to me: Someday I may be quite valuable.
Unlike most other people, I'm just an average person.
Where would I be without my sense of direction.
You can never discard too many bad ideas.
One thing about pain: It proves you're alive.
Be a good neighbor, and leave me alone.
They laughed at Edison and Einstein, but somehow I still feel uncomfortable when they laugh at me.
Nothing really matters except a few things that really don't matter very much.
The best thing about being too late is that there's no more need to hurry.
I can face anything, except the future, and certain parts of the past and present.
My first line of defense against reality is called sleep.
There is a world which I alone rule, but it ends at my fingertips.
With all deference to Chairman Mao and other authors whose quotations derive from longer works, it seemed that I was becoming the world's first writer of self-contained ready-made quotations.
My problems aren't big but it doesn't necessarily take a big problem to kill me.
Even if you're not enjoying the flight, it's futile to threaten to get out and walk.
The things I fear may all be imaginary, so what I fear most is my imagination.
I didn't mind being a public executioner, once I got the hang of it.
How can you call it unreasonable when all I want is my own way?
There's no harm in talking to yourself, but try to avoid telling yourself jokes you've heard before.
The more sure you are, the more wrong you can be.
Do what you know is right, but try not to get caught.
Never underestimate the size and scope of my problems.
You are what you eat, but eventually you become what eats you.
Why is there still so much pain and suffering being produced when there's so little demand for it?
Communication with the dead is only a little more difficult than communication with some of the living.
What happened to you could have been worse - it could have happened to me.
Do you believe in apathy at first sight?
We're still benefiting from the sacrifices of people long dead, but we're also suffering from their errors.
What should I do if my problems aren't all solved by the time I die?
Is there life in other families?
Even with a round table, some people always seem able to sit at the head of it.
Life is too important to be taken as a joke, but too ridiculous to be taken seriously.
I always like to know what I'm doing, but there are times when nobody will tell me.
My time is far too valuable for me to spend any of it trying to improve myself.
Life is not a problem - Life is the closest God has yet come to a solution.
I have seen the future! Go back!
All I ask of Life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
Please don't tell me there's no need to worry, it's the only thing I'm any good at.
Once I wanted total happiness - now I will settle for a little less pain.
It costs money to stay healthy, but it's even more expensive to get sick.
At what point in my struggle with nature will nature finally give up?
Take heart! Many great things have been done by people in poor mental health.
Caution! Be very careful of false, meaningless, self-contradictory, and not even very funny warnings, like this one.
The hand can be quicker than the eye, and the mouth can be quicker than the brain.
To the Tax Office: All is over between us. Please don't attempt to communicate with me again.
Please don't believe everything you hear about me, regardless of how true it may be.
Why am I so often at the mercy of those who don't deserve to control my life?
I'm in search of myself - have you seen me anywhere?
If you value your safety, avoid holy places founded in the name of peace and brotherhood.
It's all very simple, or else it's all very complex, or perhaps it's neither, or both.
If I didn't have most of my friends, I wouldn't have most of my problems.
What's most interesting about some books is the question: How did this crap ever get published?
Don't call it freedom, unless it includes the freedom to be absolutely disgusting.
I don't need a great deal of love but I do need a steady supply.
Try to be the best of what you are, even if what you are is no good.
I live in a world all my own, but visitors are always welcome.
What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
Scientists say we use 10% of our brain. That's way too much. By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task completely overwhelm me.
Why does life keep teaching me lessons I have no desire to learn?
I want to appreciate you now, and avoid the rush.
I'm not yet desperate enough to do anything about the conditions that are making me desperate.
I could live a better life if I had a better mind and a better body
Here is a guaranteed way to get more of what you want: want less.
Somehow I reached excess without ever noticing when I was passing through satisfaction.
My life is a performance for which I was never given any chance to rehearse.
My mind contains many good ideas, but it's not always easy to squeeze one out.
According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
Things are sometimes better left as they are, but you can't be sure until you change them.
I've found the secret of happiness, total disregard of everybody.
By using your intelligence, you can sometimes make your problems twice as complicated.
Before i knew the best part of my life had come ,it had gone....
I may not be perfect, but parts of me are excellent
If you can't learn to do it well, learn to enjoy doing it badly.
Unless you move, the place where you are is the place where you will always be.
The whole world is our dining room, but be careful: it is also our garbage can
Not even a great leader can get very far without great people to lead.
My computer must be broken: whenever I ask a wrong question, it gives a wrong answer.
Just because I accept you as you are does not mean that I have given up all hope of your improvement.
Forgive me now - tomorrow I may no longer feel guilty.
The closest you will ever come in this life to an orderly universe is a good library.
There is a vast region of enormous potential located somewhere between your ears.
I try to take it one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once.
If we could all hear one another's prayers, God might be relieved of some of his burdens.
If only our great thinkers could learn to talk, and our great talkers could learn to think.
Why is the competition always so intense to set new records for maximum stupidity?
My cat knows the meaning of life, but has no interest in sharing the secret.
I want it clearly understood that I'm totally confused.
Due to circumstances beyond my control, I am master of my fate and captain of my soul.
There may not be a Heaven, but there is a San Francisco.
Some books makes me want to go adventuring, others make me feel that they have saved me the trouble.
Without me there could be no everybody.
The best reason for having dreams is that in dreams no reasons are necessary.
For some strange reason, no matter where I go, the place is always called "here".
My life has a superb cast, but I cannot figure out the plot.
It's human to make mistakes and some of us are more human than others.
The information I most want is in books not yet written by people not yet born.
Thanks to my computer, I have now achieved a much higher state of disorganization.
It's hard enough to be alive and human, without the additional burden of being me.
I too have known joy and sadness, and, on the whole, I prefer joy.
I don't have any solution, but I certainly admire the problem.
The difference between friendship and love is how much you can hurt each other.
The fact that many things have no explanation ought to prevent them from happening; but it doesn't.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I'm right.
At any moment, I could start being a better person...but which moment should I choose?
I could do great things, if I weren't so busy doing little things.
I don't know how to be happy - They didn't teach it in my school
I have abandoned my search for truth and am now looking for a good fantasy
Good ideas are common - what's uncommon are people who will work hard enough to bring them about.
Most of my problems have no answer or else the answer is worse than the problem.
Why does merely attempting to understand Reality so often seem to lead to going insane?
The longer I live, the less chance I'll ever recover from what life keeps doing to me.
I was unemployed for a long time, but I couldn't adjust to the hours.
There are no important differences between men and women, but the unimportant ones are sometimes very interesting.
Everything takes longer than you expect, even when you expect it to take longer than you expect.
My sources are unreliable, but their information is fascinating.
Forgive me for allowing myself to be hurt by you so easily.
If we all work together, we can totally disrupt the system.
Sometimes I need what only you can provide: your absence.
Words are a wonderful form of communication, but they will never replace kisses and punches.
If you can neither accept it or change it, try to laugh at it.
It's not easy taking my problems one at a time when they refuse to get in line.
I will always love the false image I had of you.
It's hard letting go of the past, when there are no firm handholds in the future.
In one sense, I have always felt glad to have had the war [World War II] in my childhood, because, as a result, nothing that has happened in the world since then has ever seemed quite so bad. On the other hand, I never entirely got over my feeling of being cheated when the promised era of peace in a wonderful "post-war world" failed to materialize. I could not understand how, after all that, people could ever even think of fighting again. And I still can't.
Your reasoning is excellent, it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
The case has been going on for so long that I've forgotten whether I'm really innocent or guilty.
I'm not always depressed: only when I think and feel.
My social life is much better, since I stopped spending it with other people.
My struggle to remain healthy is gradually killing me.
I've learned so much from my failures that I'm thinking of having some more.
The surest way to learn is by doing it, but often, the lesson is: Don't do it!
Not being able to do everything is no excuse for not doing everything you can.
For me, it's always easy to choose between the Ultimate, the Infinite, and the Chocolate.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and call whatever you hit the target
If you can't go where people are happier, try to make people happier where you are.
I hope I can settle my internal conflicts without bloodshed.
One thing you can rely on is that there will always be uncertainty.
The reports on human progress are beginning to come in, and some are a little discouraging.
My research consists of studying the effects of putting somebody like me into a world like this.
Please don't lie to me,unless,you're sure I'll never find out the truth.
The longer I live, the less future there is to worry about.
I feel much better, now that I've given up hope.
Take Courage! Whatever you decide to do, it will probably be the wrong thing.
Maybe I'm lucky to be going so slowly, because I may be going in the wrong direction
Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
There has been an alarming increase in the number of things you know nothing about.
We can all learn from our failures. What I've learned is how much it hurts to fail.
By the miracle of teaching, I can give you some of my ability, without losing any of it myself.
We must have courage, faith, and lunch together sometime soon.
It's sometimes easier to do the impossible than to do the embarrassing.
If coffee didn't exist, somebody would have to invent it for me very soon.
Nothing we do can change the past, but everything we do changes the future.
One possible reason why things aren't going according to plan is that there never was a plan.
If you don't like my opinion of you, you can always improve
It could be that the purpose of your life is only to serve as a warning to others.
Sometimes the most urgent and vital thing you can possibly do is take a complete rest.
Having failed to conquer myself, my best hope now is to arrange an alliance with myself.
I'll give up my bad habits as soon as equally satisfying good habits become available.
The time for action is past! Now is the time for senseless bickering!
How can I be sure I've succeeded, if I can't remember what I was trying to do
I want either less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
The greatest obstacle to discovering the truth is being convinced that you already know it.
Be kind to unkind people. They need it the most.
There is a whole world which I alone rule, but it ends at my fingertips
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot.
I either want less corruption, or more chance to participate in it.
Fortunately in my work there's always a choice: I can choose to do it willingly or unwillingly
Good ideas are common - what's uncommon are people who'll work hard enough to bring them about
Please don't lie to me, unless you're absolutely sure I'll never find out the truth.
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
My play was a complete success. The audience was a failure.
To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first, and whatever you hit call it the target.
What good is it if I talk in flowers while you're thinking in pastry?
I waited and waited, and when no message came, I knew it must be from you.
Sometimes the most urgent thing you can possibly do is take a complete rest
Success for some people, depends on becoming well-known; for others, it depends on never being found out.
Some books makes me want to go adventuring, others feel that they have saved me the trouble
As long as I have you, there is just one other thing I'll always need - tremendous self-control
I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent
By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you
By doing just a little every day, I can gradually let the task overwhelm me
